docs: add fp-finder util sub command documentation (#208)
coreruleset/documentation: content/6-development/6-2-crs-toolchain.md

## The `util` Command

The `util` command includes sub-commands that are used from time to time and do not fit nicely into any of the other groups. Currently, the available sub-commands are:

* `renumber-tests`: Used to simplify maintenance of the regression tests. Since every test has a consecutive number within its file, adding or removing tests can disrupt numbering. `renumber-tests` will renumber all tests within each test file consecutively.

> * `fp-finder`: Takes a file as input and outputs a filtered, alphabetically sorted list of unique words that are not present in the English dictionary. This can help in identifying potential false positives by focusing on unusual or unknown words.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `fp-finder`: Takes a file as input and produces a filtered, alphabetically sorted list of unique words that are not present in the English dictionary (WordNet). This can help in identifying potential false positives by focusing on unusual or unknown words.
```

Author: are you sure about the Wordnet part ? The dictionary (https://github.com/dwyl/english-words) doesn't seem to mention anything related to it ?

Reviewer: Oh... When we refactored the original util, we settled on using WordNet, which is a known and well documented source. I had simply assumed that the repository you were working with supplied the same word list. I quickly checked and there are a couple of Go packages that provide an interface to the WordNet database. I'd really like to continue using WordNet. One, because it's well known, and two, because I want to ensure consistency when running the tool. Could I trouble you to modify your implementation to use WordNet?

Author: Hmm... I read again https://github.com/coreruleset/crs-toolchain/issues/181 and it seems like there was a bit of misunderstanding :)

Can you point me the library that you think will make sense to use ? I quickly took a look at https://github.com/fluhus/gostuff/blob/master/nlp/wordnet/parser.go and it seems not really equivalent to the wn command (that's why I proposed to just run the CLI command from crs-toolchain). Honestly, I was not really satisfied by anything I found. Feedback is welcome!

Reviewer: This one doesn't look too bad: https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/lloyd/wnram.
Will require downloading the WN database, storing it in the cache dir (I imaging) and then parsing it from there.

Makes sense since the DB is ~80MB, wouldn't want that in the binary

DB available here: https://wordnet.princeton.edu/download
Needs proper attribution (like the original tool had).

Author: Created https://github.com/coreruleset/crs-toolchain/issues/229 for working on this.
